SLO List widget (#15402)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/widgets/slo_list.md

---
title: SLO List Widget
kind: documentation
description: "Display a list of SLOs"
aliases:
further_reading:
- link: "https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/slo-monitoring-tracking/"
  tag: "Blog"

>   text: "Track the status of all your SLOs in Datadog"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  text: "Track the status of all your SLOs in Datadog"
- link: "/dashboards/graphing_json/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Building Dashboards using JSON" 
```

---

The SLO List widget displays a subset of [SLOs][1], based on your query. 

> {{< img src="dashboards/widgets/slo_list/slo_list_widget.png" alt="slo list widget" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="dashboards/widgets/slo_list/slo_list_widget.png" alt="The SLO List widget displaying a list of SLOs" style="width:90%;" >}}
```

## Setup

> {{< img src="dashboards/widgets/slo_list/slo_list_editor.png" alt="slo list widget editor" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="dashboards/widgets/slo_list/slo_list_editor.png" alt="A search query defining the service as web-store in the SLO List widget editor" style="width:90%;" >}}
```

### Configuration

1. Add an SLO List widget to a dashboard.

> 2. Use tags to filter the list of SLOs (e.g., `service:foo, env:prod`). Template variables are supported. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use tags to filter the list of SLOs (such as `service:foo, env:prod`). Template variables are supported. 
```

> 3. Choose the maximum number of SLOs to display (default is 100). The most recently created SLOs will appear at the top of the list. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Choose the maximum number of SLOs to display (the default is 100). The most recently created SLOs appear at the top of the list. 
```

> 4. Optionally, give the widget a title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Optionally, give the widget a title.

When you are ready to create the widget, click **Save**.
```
